Operators and their priorities
==============================

So far, we've treated each operator as if it had no connection with the others. Obviously, such an ideal and simple situation is a rarity in real programming.

Also, you will very often find more than one operator in one expression, and then this presumption is no longer so obvious.

Consider the following expression:

`2 + 3 * 5`

You probably remember from school that **multiplications precede additions**.

You surely remember that you should first multiply 3 by 5 and, keeping the 15 in your memory, then add it to 2, thus getting the result of 17.

The phenomenon that causes some operators to act before others is known as **the hierarchy of priorities**.

Python precisely defines the priorities of all operators, and assumes that operators of a larger (higher) priority perform their operations before the operators of a lower priority.

So, if you know that `*` has a higher priority than `+`, the computation of the final result should be obvious.

Operators and their bindings
============================

The **binding** of the operator determines the order of computations performed by some operators with equal priority, put side by side in one expression.

Most of Python's operators have left-sided binding, which means that the calculation of the expression is conducted from left to right.

This simple example will show you how it works. Take a look:

`

print(9 % 6 % 2)

`

There are two possible ways of evaluating this expression:

-   from left to right: first `9 % 6` gives `3`, and then `3 % 2` gives `1`;
-   from right to left: first `6 % 2` gives `0`, and then `9 % 0` causes **a fatal error**.

Run the example and see what you get.

The result should be `1`. This operator has **left-sided binding**. But there's one interesting exception.