List of priorities
==================

Since you're new to Python operators, we don't want to present the complete list of operator priorities right now.

Instead, we'll show you a truncated form, and we'll expand it consistently as we introduce new operators.

Look at the table below:

Key takeaways
=============

1\. An **expression** is a combination of values (or variables, operators, calls to functions ‒ you will learn about them soon) which evaluates to a certain value, e.g., `1 + 2`.

2\. **Operators** are special symbols or keywords which are able to operate on the values and perform (mathematical) operations, e.g., the `*` operator multiplies two values: `x * y`.

3\. Arithmetic operators in Python: `+` (addition), `-` (subtraction), `*` (multiplication), `/` (classic division ‒ always returns a float), `%` (modulus ‒ divides left operand by right operand and returns the remainder of the operation, e.g., `5 % 2 = 1`), `**` (exponentiation ‒ left operand raised to the power of right operand, e.g., `2 ** 3 = 2 * 2 * 2 = 8`), `//` (floor/integer division ‒ returns a number resulting from division, but rounded down to the nearest whole number, e.g., `3 // 2.0 = 1.0`)

4\. A **unary** operator is an operator with only one operand, e.g., `-1`, or `+3`.

5\. A **binary** operator is an operator with two operands, e.g., `4 + 5`, or `12 % 5`.

6\. Some operators act before others -- **the hierarchy of priorities**:

-   the `**` operator (exponentiation) has the highest priority;
-   then the unary `+` and `-` (note: a unary operator to the right of the exponentiation operator binds more strongly, for example: `4 ** -1` equals `0.25`)
-   then `*`, `/`, `//`, and `%`;
-   and, finally, the lowest priority: the binary `+` and `-`.

7\. Subexpressions in **parentheses** are always calculated first, e.g., `15 - 1 * (5 * (1 + 2)) = 0`.

8\. The **exponentiation** operator uses **right-sided binding**, e.g., `2 ** 2 ** 3 = 256`.

**Exercise 1**

What is the output of the following snippet?

`

print((2 ** 4), (2 * 4.), (2 * 4))

`\
Check

**Exercise 2**

What is the output of the following snippet?

`

print((-2 / 4), (2 / 4), (2 // 4), (-2 // 4))

`\
Check

**Exercise 3**

What is the output of the following snippet?

`

print((2 % -4), (2 % 4), (2 ** 3 ** 2))

`\
Check

Note: we've enumerated the operators in order **from the highest (1) to the lowest (4) priorities**.

Try to work through the following expression:

`

print(2 * 3 % 5)

`

Both operators (`*` and `%`) have the same priority, so the result can be guessed only when you know the binding direction. What do you think? What is the result?

Check

Operators and parentheses
=========================

Of course, you're always allowed to use **parentheses**, which can change the natural order of a calculation.

In accordance with the arithmetic rules, **subexpressions in parentheses are always calculated first**.

You can use as many parentheses as you need, and they're often used to **improve the readability** of an expression, even if they don't change the order of the operations.

An example of an expression with multiple parentheses is here:

`

print((5 * ((25 % 13) + 100) / (2 * 13)) // 2)

`

Try to compute the value that's printed to the console. What's the result of the `print()` function?

Check