Key takeaways
=============

1\. A **variable** is a named location reserved to store values in the memory. A variable is created or initialized automatically when you assign a value to it for the first time. (2.1.4.1)

2\. Each variable must have a unique name - an **identifier**. A legal identifier name must be a non-empty sequence of characters, must begin with the underscore(`_`), or a letter, and it cannot be a Python keyword. The first character may be followed by underscores, letters, and digits. Identifiers in Python are case-sensitive. (2.1.4.1)

3\. Python is a **dynamically-typed** language, which means you don't need to *declare* variables in it. (2.1.4.3) To assign values to variables, you can use a simple assignment operator in the form of the equal (`=`) sign, i.e., `var = 1`.

4\. You can also use **compound assignment operators** (shortcut operators) to modify values assigned to variables, e.g., `var += 1`, or `var /= 5 * 2`. (2.1.4.8)

5\. You can assign new values to already existing variables using the assignment operator or one of the compound operators, e.g.: (2.1.4.5)

`

var = 2

print(var)

var = 3

print(var)

var += 1

print(var)

`

6\. You can combine text and variables using the `+` operator, and use the `print()` function to output strings and variables, e.g.: (2.1.4.4)

`

var = "007"

print("Agent " + var)

`

**Exercise 1**

What is the output of the following snippet?

`

var = 2

var = 3

print(var)

`\
Check

**Exercise 2**

Which of the following variable names are illegal in Python?

`my_var m 101 averylongvariablename m101 m 101 Del del`\
Check

**Exercise 3**

What is the output of the following snippet?

`

a = '1'

b = "1"

print(a + b)

`\
Check

**Exercise 4**

What is the output of the following snippet?

`

a = 6

b = 3

a /= 2 * b

print(a)

`\
Check