Correct and incorrect variable names
====================================

Note that the same restrictions apply to function names.

Python does not impose restrictions on the length of variable names, but that doesn't mean that a long variable name is always better than a short one.

Here are some correct, but not always convenient variable names:

`MyVariable`, `i`, `t34`, `Exchange_Rate`, `counter`, `days_to_christmas`, `TheNameIsSoLongThatYouWillMakeMistakesWithIt`, `_`.

Moreover, Python lets you use not only Latin letters but also characters specific to languages that use other alphabets.

These variable names are also correct:

`Adiós_Señora`, `sûr_la_mer`, `Einbahnstraße`, `переменная`.

And now for some **incorrect names**:

`10t` (does not begin with a letter), `Exchange Rate` (contains a space)

**NOTE**

The [PEP 8 -- Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) recommends the following naming convention for variables and functions in Python:

-   variable names should be lowercase, with words separated by underscores to improve readability (e.g., `var`, `my_variable`)
-   function names follow the same convention as variable names (e.g., `fun`, `my_function`)
-   it's also possible to use mixed case (e.g., `myVariable`), but only in contexts where that's already the prevailing style, to retain backwards compatibility with the adopted convention.

Keywords
========

Take a look at the list of words that play a very special role in every Python program.

`['False', 'None', 'True', 'and', 'as', 'assert', 'break', 'class', 'continue', 'def', 'del', 'elif', 'else', 'except', 'finally', 'for', 'from', 'global', 'if', 'import', 'in', 'is', 'lambda', 'nonlocal', 'not', 'or', 'pass', 'raise', 'return', 'try', 'while', 'with', 'yield']`

They are called **keywords** or (more precisely) **reserved keywords**. They are reserved because **you mustn't use them as names**: neither for your variables, nor functions, nor any other named entities you want to create.

The meaning of the reserved word is **predefined**, and mustn't be changed in any way.

Fortunately, due to the fact that Python is case-sensitive, you can modify any of these words by changing the case of any letter, thus creating a new word, which is not reserved anymore.

For example - **you can't name** your variable like this:

import

You mustn't have a variable named in such a way - it is prohibited. But you can do this instead:

Import

These words might be a mystery to you now, but you'll soon learn the meaning of them.